https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?p=761118


            Player Configs

            (make your users able to load the configs from spawn,forest in seconds)

    description

        This plugin makes your users able to:

        Save their configs. Make them public and to be autoloaded.
        Load their configs.
        Load configs from other players that save their configs as public.
        Load top world player configs.

        I'm not a great gamer so i don't bother very much with the configs but i'm a server owner and this plugin is a great sucess on it. There are some suckers that even go to my server and got to spectator just to use this. They love to test the configs from SpawN, forest, walle. You know.

        It ships with 3 top player configs:
        forest,potti,spawn

        To add more put config files in "configs\topPlayersConfigs"
        The config file name must have the extension ".cfg". It's name will be used as the top player name. So if you want to add the config from the player "Ave", put in there a file named Ave.cfg

    cvars

        playerconfs_enabled - 0|1 (plugin enabled/disabled)

        /* CHAT MESSAGES */
        playerconfs_msg_save (Announcing that a player has saved his configs)
        playerconfs_msg_load (Announcing that a player has loaded his configs)
        playerconfs_msg_loadother (Announcing that a player has load configs from other server's player)
        playerconfs_msg_loadtop (Announcing that a player has load configs from a top player)

    commands

        playerconfigs
        playerconfs
        say playerconfigs
        say playerconfs

        The commands do the same. They open a menu where you can manage the configs. Admins will have an extra entry to manage the top player configs.

    modules

        hamsandwich
        sqlite

    screenshots

        Main Menu
        Saving Config - Selection Options
        Selecting a Top Player to load the config of
        After loading a Top Player Config

    notes

        If you're wondering what "config" means: the collection of your user defined setting. The crosshair, the sensitivy, the sound, etc.

    extra

        Thanks bomnacama for giving my the idea for this plugin and for having forced me to post it with colours and identation.

    changelog

        version 1.1:

            I was wrongly using RegisterHamFromEntity. I thought that it should be used to register forwards for singular entities.

    to do

        Multi-language support.
        Use enableHam and disableHam to improve the plugin performance when there aren't configs to be autoloaded.
